Architecture docs (#81)
openactive/openactive-test-suite: packages/openactive-integration-tests/ARCHITECTURE.md

# Jest concepts

Jest is multi-process. There's the overall Jest process, which has a bunch of workers which execute the individual test suites (e.g. individual -test.js files). The environment of this main process is different to the worker.

Jest internally uses a fork of Jasmine. This is used as the test runner, and implements standard jest features such as `describe` and `it`.

# Logging/reporting pipeline

> Jasmine and Jest as a whole are designed for more binary-like states, a test either passes or fails. With OpenActive the needs a little different to what it's designed for. We generate a lot more debugging level information, and have different levels of failures (i.e. warnings, information, suggestions).

Reviewer: Small edit.
```suggestion
Jasmine and Jest are designed for binary test states: a test either passes or fails. OpenActive's needs are a little different. More debugging level information is required to help booking system developers act on failures and there are different levels of failures (i.e. warnings, information, suggestions).
```

The process can be summarised as:

- Jasmine reporter: provides state info
- Logger:  uses state info, used by tests to record info
- Jest reporter: used to capture test results, and kick off report generation

> - Report generator: generates the reports in both markdown and for cli.

Reviewer: Link to the relevant modules/classes in the code?

## Jasmine Reporter

> This is a state tracker for internal use by the logger, this allows determining within tests the current running test and suite, and also allows hooking the events.

Reviewer: What does `hooking the events` mean?

## Logger

A logger component has been implemented, this deterministically names the filename based on the describe blocks.

This has helper methods for attaching info to the current running test:

- Request:
    - Saves request (payload, url)
    - Response (headers, status, response, response time)
    - Records whether a response was never received (i.e. timedout)
- Validation:

>     - Validation responses from [https://github.com/openactive/data-model-validator](https://github.com/openactive/data-model-validator), the core library behind [https://validator.openactive.io/](https://validator.openactive.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Validation responses from [https://github.com/openactive/data-model-validator](https://github.com/openactive/data-model-validator), the same library behind [https://validator.openactive.io/](https://validator.openactive.io/)
```
